This is an Excel Project which shows my knowledge in cleaning and arranging data within Excel; creating Pivot Tables and Dash Boards; usage of V-Lookup for extracting particular data from the main file.
Rather than the Price details, this file contains personal, miscellaneous data of the people who approached the company to enquire and check out the bikes and the outcome of the interaction.
As part of the cleaning process, I have copied the raw data to a separate work sheet, checked for duplicates and removed them. Columns Gender and Marital Status had similar alphabets which would create problems in the project and as such have used 'Find and Replace' function to reword them as 'Male'/'Fenale' and 'Married'/'Single'. Modified the 'Income' column to remove decimals and use 000s separator for better readibility. 'Commute Distance' had a value '10+ miles' which was changed to 'Miles 10+' to arrange it in the ascending order. Used 'Insert' option to introduce a sepoarate column, used nested IF function to group people in a particular age group into 'Adoloscent', 'Middle-Aged' and 'Old'. 
Created a separate worksheet 'Pivot Table'. Used Pivot Table option to create 3 different Pivot Tables, 1st based on Income, Gender and outcome of the interaction, 2nd based upon Commute Distance and outcome of the interaction, 3rd based upon Age-group and outcome of the interaction. Used 'Chart' option for visualisation for all the three tables.
Inserted a new worksheet, 'Dashboard' and arranged the charts.
Inserted a new worksheet, 'V Lookup Project'. Copied the column 'ID'. Using this column as the reference, inserted 2 new columns 'Education' and 'Occupation'. Used V Lookup function to pull the relevant data into the columns.
